TOP ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING COLLEGE IN PANCHKULA HARYANA
Swami Devi Dyal Institute of Engineering and Technology
http://www.swamidevidyal.ac.in/electrical-engineering.aspx
Swami Devi Dyal was founded in the year 2000 and is considered as the premier institute of higher learning in the wide areas of Engineering, Dental Sciences, Computer Application, Nursing, Management, Law, Pharmacy with the vision to prepare the students into confident, enterprising and a good charisma, who can face and explore the professional possibilities in the real world. To achieve academic excellence, this institute has a perfect blend of theoretical and practical knowledge.
Swami Devi Dyal is the Top Institute of Electrical Engineering in Panchkula Haryana which offer a full-time course, having experienced and knowledgeable faculty. This institute provides best learning environment to students in order to help them in the professional career ahead. Both B.Tech and M.Tech regular courses are offered by Swami Devi Dyal Institute of Engineering and Technology (Electrical Engineering).
Swami Devi Dyal college is recognized for best academic performance. Swami Devi Dyal Institute has top-rated professors who are having all the technical knowledge in the field of Electrical Engineering.
Specification of Electrical Engineering Course
	Electrical engineering is a professional engineering course which engages with the study and application of electricity.
	The electrical engineering graduates will be able to work on wide range of devices, components and systems, that also right from tiny microchips to large power system generators.
	Electrical engineers develop, test and supervise the production of electrical equipments such as electric motors, radar and navigation systems, communications systems and power generation equipment.
	An electrical engineer designs a practical, real-world device which produces, conducts and uses electricity.
	An electrical engineer designs electrical devices and systems using basic components such as magnets, batteries, switches, resistors, capacitors, inductors, diodes and transistors.
	The Electrical Engineering graduate will be able to pursue a successful career in industries in the areas of power systems, control systems, power electronics and drives serve the nation and society.
Career Option in Electrical Engineering
•    Design Engineer
•    Quality Control Engineer
•    Test Engineer
•    Reliability Engineer
•    Process and Manufacturing Engineer
Admission Procedure for B.Tech in Electrical Engineering
Admission in the Electrical courses would be made on the basis of the result of the entrance examinations i.e. merit of JEE (Mains)-2018 for B.Tech.
75% of the sanctioned accrual of admissions will be made through online/off-campus counseling by Haryana State Counseling Society, Haryana. The management quota seats (25% of the sanctioned intake including 15% seats for children/wards of NRI) for B.Tech 4 year courses will be filled as per:
1. JEE (Mains)-2018 merit ranking.
2. Merit-based on the percentage of marks in 10+2 in PCM. 
Admission Procedure for M.Tech in Electrical Engineering
Admission in the M.Tech courses is made on the basis of the merit of the Entrance Examination conducted by the university as authorized by Haryana Government, followed by the counseling to be conducted by the concerned University. The leftover seats are to be filled at the institutional level on the basis of the merit of entrance Test/ B.Tech merit.
